frog hard to canal that's duck not goose
and I just bought four hundred and fifty
six grams of good old frog ha 416 42
euros now that's a deal and that's when
the reasons why I live in the South
France because I can buy a whole frog
for 16:42 now that's a great deal on my
sakes good cognac 11 euros goddamn
champagne 3 euros the unifor work I'm
going to show you how to pan fry foie
gras which is one of my favourite
recipes that my cousin taught me 25
years ago you know some people may think
that I'm just gonna be butchering this
flood laughs but you can take it or
leave it and tell you what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna take first I'm just going to
get the oil off nice and hard for making
my french fries so now the French fries
are frying I wait till the French fries
are basically corrupt cut this and I fry
this because this literally takes only
about 30 to 30 seconds to 1 minute this
is raw by the way so nice piece of liver
the back end there's not too many
blemishes there's a little bit of these
blood things but that's nothing at all
all the veins are already out pull the
fries out they're brown now I'll just
like this I'll turn the heat down so
that the oil doesn't heat up too much no
a couple of pieces here
this is really it really is like butter
YUM it's so rich now this is already
ample meal for two people but since it's
my birthday we're going to cut a little
more now I'm not going to taste it
because it is raw after all it hasn't
been cooked
like this is really living in the lap of
luxury so abusive the ultimate and
decadence tan is throwing up it should
be fun so I'm going to put just a little
bit of oil there's tons of oil and fat
in the front dog but just so that the
meat the protein and the meat doesn't
crisp up I'll just put a little bit of
oil there and I'm just going to let it
heat up very small about a while just
put a little piece there just to test it
out it's already pretty good I'm going
to put just a little bit more oil tying
a little bit you know thirty Seconds to
Flora just before I put the front line
there we're going to recut the fries in
here just to give them that little extra
heat they've been dripping they seized
up they're crispy they're just giving
that little extra brown do that for one
two minutes let this pan heat up nicely
okay so the fries are done I turn off
the fryer and I pull these guys out and
I let them drip for a couple of minutes
because I see now in the pan here is too
much oils too much see all that it's
just got to be a skim coat because the
photo has a lot of fat in there already
but ten is well lubricated and so I'm
just going to get rid
the excess oil in your care I'm going to
put a little bit of salt in the frying
pan just like this okay I take my liver
right foot
over
very delicate leaves a steak with french
fries they're ready to go
so here's what I saw
big-time comes the two pairs of
you little hotter
they're really quick cookin
okay so the quad ride is now ready
now I don't the is I'm going to put
a very small amount of Chania on the
foie gras itself you watch this ok just
a very small amount that's it I think
it's going to be perfect
ok let's go eat we got the pepper and
the Fergana off to the fireplace to try
my little birthday
Cheers
better pepper fries a bit on the flood
clock we've got some pumpernickel bread
which is good with the football yeah see
perfect consistency is perfect that's
nasty man
how old are you Krista I'm 54 cool
looking good feeling good yeah baby girl
no for sure now it's my turn
yeah
this is really nice wood this bread
you've got a secret stuff that this
bread works the best here no
so I was so thick fast and furious that
we couldn't even eat the small portions
that we did gave ourselves see my wife
Linda she left half a foot long
I'm finished everything but it's so rich
and just massive that um full so I think
I'm just going to relax now
that was a lot of why are they holy
Jesus Christ